# BinaryBot
The goal of the project was to create a bot that was capable of fully autonomous play of the game StarCraft 2. During the project I learned about utilizing Numpy for saving and loading data, constructing Neural nets with TensorFlow and Keras, utilizing both local and cloud GPU's, analyzing data in real-time and working with Linux.

In the game of StarCraft 2 there is no one set way to victory and since my end goal was to create a flexible bot that developed its own playstyle and strategy, I decided to try to accomplish this by having the bots actions be controlled by a neural net. Neural nets are generally suited to problems where a standard model cannot be developed for the problem at hand. I went with a neural net implementation utilizing LSTM, long short-term memory, which is a type of neural network that has a type of built in memory function. Since a neural net needs to study large amounts of data to improve themselves, I first created a bot that would generate game data and used it to train the net. After training and saving out a model, I implemented it into the game to read real-time data and chose in-game actions to control the bot. 

Unfortunately, the overall implementation fell short of my plans as the neural net did not play the game all that well. There are a few different factors which I feel play a part; the games high level of complexity, my lack of knowledge and experience implementing neural nets and time. The bot does analyze real-time data and make varying decisions, but performs poorly overall and seldom wins against the games built-in AI.
